Okay, now.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay, now.
Okay, now.
Okay.
So, we don't have the solution that they can produce a dashboard, such as the National Commerce Center.
This is very, very difficult to do DJR.
So, I'm going to invite Mr. Adam.
Mr. Adam is now somewhere in Tokyo.
And he will show you the possible template of a dashboard.
Adam, are you ready?
Yes, I'm ready.
Please wait.
Please review.
Okay.
Okay.
My name is Adam.
And I just want to show you a simple dry run of a template.
There's a lot more can be done.
But I don't think it's a scope of our today's discussion.
If you look at it, we will always start from a large
Malaysia National Road Bank.
So, you can see on the left side, there's an incident and the status.
So, we have...
We can identify each incident for critical and all the way down to completed.
So, this is a sample template.
And this template, we can drill down to specific speed and specific city.
So, let's drill down to Apahand.
Okay.
So, once we drill down to Apahand, you can enlarge the screen.
You can see, can work in progress.
And there, we go to specific work in progress.
In this case, we identify as number 17, and you get new information.
These are only information that's coming from the concentration.
So, the concentration.
So, we can see them, we can see pictures, we can bring the pictures.
And if they are for current information, because it's just a template,
we don't have the pictures.
So, you can see what is the data ranks.
So, for here, there are other tools where we get a screen.
This is also useful for concentration.
You'll see the same thing.
So, they can assign this work damage to a specific group or team.
So, we can further drill down.
You can see, you can appoint some people to manage and take a look at it.
So, basically, you can streamline how the process goes.
And we work with SHIFTO, right?
So, this is a sample template.
Where J.K.A. can go and drill down.
Let's go back all the way to see an overview picture,
but more on data and statistics.
Let's look at incidents like.
So, if the A.V.N.A. data, you can see where they are,
the criticality.
Let's look at operations.
Oh, you can see from a single view of what is happening in the command center.
Let's look at assets, financials.
So, you know how much money is being paid,
and the agent says who is not going to pay,
who has to be paid, and the current utilization of the budget.
Let's look at safety.
So, these are areas of numbers and statistics that we can bring in.
Can we?
Yes.
It's better, right?
It's better? Yes.
So, you can say that.
But we have to do very formal, the formal part of the board.
So, we just want to show as much as possible what we have done.
Because at the line, we can't.
What we have done, we should state it.
You go to a security, the compliance board.
Why do you want the compliance board?
Because thank you very much.
But remember, this is what can always be customized for the need of JKR.
And we can extend the view based on what JKR means.
Now, as long as we have the data.
The data is the key to be standard.
As always.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Done deal.
Can we?
Yes.
Can we?
Yes.
Okay.
